Rails Course: Update for Turbo Drive forms compatibility (#23797)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: rails_programming/rails_sprinkles/turbo.md

The lesson you are reading now is all about Turbo! We will cover Stimulus in another lesson. Strada is a currently unreleased framework that aims to work alongside Turbo to deliver responsive mobile applications. You don't need to worry about Strada for the scope of this course, just be familiar with the name as you will see it mentioned from time-to-time.

### Turbo

Turbo is the heart of the Hotwire umbrella. The goal of Turbo is to use four different techniques to create the experience of a speedy SPA without having to write any Javascript!

Here is a quick summary of the four Turbo techniques together. As you continue to read this lesson, we will look at each piece more in-depth

> 1.  **Turbo Drive**: We already covered thisin an earlier lesson.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  **Turbo Drive**: We already covered this in an earlier lesson.
```
